# The-Design-of-Smart-Home-Security-System-Base-on-the-ZigBee-Technology
Undergraduate thesis.

Abstract: In recent years, China’s science and economy have been rapidly developing. On the other hand, the one-child policy has been implemented for 40 years, and young couples in urban and rural areas are burdened with daily tasks and have no time to care for their parents and children. The number of "empty nesters" and "left-behind children" has increased year by year. In this context, safety problems such as burglary or gas leakage occur from time to time. In order to create a safer and more convenient living environment, people need various smart devices to assist them in daily life, and the research of the security system therein has more urgent and realistic significance.

In this paper, a smart home security system with real-time monitoring, display, and alarm functions is designed. Based on ZigBee technology, the system includes five major subsystems: the anti-stealing detection subsystem, the gas leakage detection subsystem, the sound and light alarm subsystem, the gas processing subsystem, and the display subsystem. Each subsystem uses the ZigBee network and its point-to-point communication method to exchange information with the control center. Each subsystem operates independently, avoiding information interference between subsystems and achieving long-distance and accurate information transmission, thereby people do not need to consider wiring problems when installing traditional home security systems. The research mainly includes the following aspects.

First, according to the characteristics of the current family environment, we determine the topology of the system network. Secondly, we determine the overall design of the system. Thirdly, we design the hardware circuit diagrams and software of each subsystem. Finally, we test the hardware and software of each subsystem.
